we have the following problem:
our thing does not converge

possible solution 1
------------------------
my suspicion is that the network is not able to produce super small values 
simply due to weight sizes - it can produce the right combinations to 
get the direction, but it fails to scale them down in the end (after
all it tries to make them as big as possible at all other times).

thus the network should be granted an easier way to scale its action
outputs. we already have this and it's called damping!
of course, we do not want the network to run loose with and give itself
no damping or make it negative or whatever so we will upper and lower bound
the damping by first slapping an limited range activation function
and then rescaling the output to the appropriate interval for damping.
in total, we increase the action space by one dimension and that is the scalar
damping for all joints (one could divide them for each joint,
but this seems unnecessary for the first version).

one can expect that it will be difficult (take long time to train)
for the network to fine-tune the damping.
to help it map the difference in the damping factor to the
corresponding speeding up/slowing down of the end-effector position,
we could slap the previous observed end-effector position to the
observations. we could also make the network have feedback and/or 
preserve state like an lstm.
one could preserve the internal state over the whole episode (1 ik task)
and empty it when starting a new one.


possible solution 2
------------------------
another thing we might try and this one seems much more reliable, 
straightforward to implement and + we can get some 
convergence guarantees: 
let a classical algorithm take control once the end-effector is
sufficiently close, say 10 cm. at that point you don't make
any significant pefromance gains because the trajectory is already 
95% finished. furthermore, one could limit the time the network
has to reach the point in order to have some more guarantees 
on the controller (but this one seems much less important overall).



